We've spoken about tiers, and we've spoken about layers,
and we've started to allude to components inside of our application.
So how do we represent these tiers with Spring and Spring MVC?
That's with these three components.
We have our controller, our service, and our repository.
We've discussed controllers already a little bit.
They just route where we're going to and interpret the user's request.
The service is where our business logic goes.
It should also be noted that it's where our transactions will most
likely start as well, if we're accessing more than one database
table. And then there is repositories.
The repository tier is also sometimes referred to as the DAO,
or data access object, and they usually have a one‑to‑one
mapping with our database table.
So looking at controllers, as we've mentioned,
they handle our incoming requests in building the response. I can't emphasize
strong enough that business logic should not be handled here.
This is also where our request and our response object should stop as
well. We shouldn't hand those off to separate tiers.
It should grab information from the request and the response and hand that
over to the business logic. This works with our service and repository tier
for the business logic and data gathering,
and it's annotated using the @Controller annotation.
There are some convenience classes that you extend,
but you either have to wire them up or annotate them with the controller still.
It also should be noted that this is where we handle
exceptions and route views accordingly,
based off of whether or not you had an exception or if
we've got the correct information.
The service tier is annotated with the @Service annotation,
and it describes the verbs, or actions, of our system.
It's where our business logic should reside.
In fact, it should all be contained here.
It shouldn't bleed over into our repository tier. Another
role of the service tier is to ensure that the business
object is in a valid state.
This is where all of our state management should be handled,
confirming that we've got a valid object passed in from a
request. It meets the standards of our business objects or
our business requirements.
Also, this is where our transactions should begin.
If you're doing two‑phase commits or there's a chance we might have to
roll back or access web services, those types of things, this is where
we want those transactions to begin.
It often has the same methods as a repository, but a different focus.
We may have a method in here that says, find user by last name,
and we may have that same method in our repository, but what we do if we don't
find the user or how many people will return or what state we might return
those objects in is controlled by the service tier,
where the repository tier is just going to go get that data.
And lastly,
the repository tier. The repository tier is annotated with @Repository, and it
also describes the nouns of our systems. Where the service here described the
verbs, the repository tier is focused on the nouns.
You can see where the focus is different from the service versus the repository.
The service tier describes those actions that we want to do,
and the repository describes the data that we're going to interact with.
It's focused on persisting and interacting with the
database or basic CRUD functions.
It's also typically a one‑to‑one mapping with an object.
You may have an address and have an address repository.
You would have a customer object and a customer repository.
It's also often a one‑to‑one mapping with the database table,
but that's not always the case based off your design.
You make break things into multiple tables like a person and
an employee table, but you may only have an employee object
inside of your application. That's really more up to the ORM tool that you're using.